Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Inside every ballerina's heart.
is the blood of a warrior.
They turn pain into beauty...
♪ Rhythm ♪
...chaos into precision...
♪ You can feel it. you can feel
it ♪
...their bodies into art.
♪ Rhythm ♪
Sweat. blood. sacrifice...
♪ Rhythm is a dancer ♪
♪ Rhythm ♪
But not everyone
achieves their dream.
♪ Rhythm is a dancer ♪
♪ It's a soul's companion ♪
♪ You can feel it everywhere ♪
♪ Lift your hands and voices ♪
♪ Free your mind and join us ♪
♪ You can feel it in the air ♪
♪ Oh-Oh ♪
-  Miss Thorna.
the showcase is in two days.
If Bones doesn't take rehearsals
seriously.
I should dance her part.
Her bus
was late. She'll be here.
She's late 'cause her broke
ass can't afford a clock.
Hm. sorry. my limo was
late. Princess.
Ah.
Are we gonna dance or what?
Okay.
Five. six. seven. eight.
And one. two. three. four.
five. six. and four more. eight.
five. six. seven. eight.
Stop.
Right. Back to the soutenus. quickly.
What happened?
Come on. Grace.
Usual bullshit.
Earth to Grace.
Quickly. come on.
Five. six. seven. eight.
and one. two. three. four.
five. six. seven. eight.
Remember you're on a flight
to Budapest tomorrow.
So dance like your lives depend
on it.
Solo.
Stop.
Come on.
Princess. wait your turn.
Right. and Chloe. you need
to trust your sister. right?
She will cue you in.
Seven. eight. and one
two. three. four. five
That's beautiful. Chloe.
Remember teamwork. Everyone. teamwork.
And one. two. three. four.
five. six. seven. eight.
and one. two. three. four.
Time. ladies.
Alright.
Hey. don't you know
how to fucking count?
I'm talking to you. You
turned in sickle. bitch.
Bones!
If you want the solo. it's
yours.
I quit.
Miss
Thorna. did you see that?
About time someone smacked that
bitch
You shouldn't have hit her.
It was an accident.
Her face slipped into my fist.
Well. her mother is sponsoring
you so you could compete.
So. you know. maybe you show
a little bit of gratitude
before you try and break her
nose.
You know. what you've got to
understand is
the Budapest Showcase
could change your life.
Ballet is a rich bitch sport.
I keep telling you.
I don't belong.
♪ Everybody dance now ♪
♪ Give me the music ♪
Mom. I'm sure you're sleeping.
but we did land after being
rerouted.
They put me on a bus. so like
pray for me.
♪ Everybody dance now ♪
Can anyone smell
smoke?
It's all been a
bit of a nightmare.
Our flight got diverted and
the airport lost our luggage
and another bus is broken down.
So. but no. I assure you my
dancers
will be on that stage tomorrow.
But we are very much on route.
Oh. no. no. no. no. Don't.
don't alter the program.
No. no need. um...
No. my dancers will definitely
be at the showcase.
Miss Thorna. the next town
is only two kilometers away.
But my guidebook is saying-
- What did they say?
Well the artistic director
is very understanding
of our situation.
But...
They're looking into
alternates.
Yeah. I'm afraid they are.
Girls. grab your ballet bags.
Come on.
If we stay on this bus. we'll
never make the showcase.
Right. Yes.
All right?
-  Oh my God.
There's just like so much
nature.
May the wolves have
mercy on you
Come on. girls.
Speed up.
We should
have stayed on the bus.
I'm gonna. I'm gonna sue
if I catch pneumonia.
First she hates the bus.
now she wants the bus.
Are you ever happy?
- Not when I'm around you.
Wait. you guys. I think
there might be a hotel here.
Oh. thank God.
Come on.
Does anyone have any service?
I have two bars.
I just think we might be in a
dead zone.
Oh. hi.
Hi. Hello. hi.
Could we use your phone?
Our bus has broken down
and we're stranded-
We're trying to...
- Yuri.
Let them pass
I beg pardon. My brother
is mute. he gets confused.
I get it. my sister's deaf
so I have to interpret
everything.
Fucking bullshit
My name is Osip. How
can I be of service?
We need a cab. Do you
think you can manage?
But of course.
Such beautiful creatures
should not be out in the cold.
Come. come.
What brings you here?
We're ballerinas.
No way. This is my kind of
place.
This is too weird.
-  Miss Thorna.
- Huh?
Miss Thorna. this is against my
decency.
There's people gambling. I can't
be here. I can't be here.
Oh. cover your eyes.
I'm getting a drink.
Take a picture of me
Zoe stop acting like a child
...but this place is awesome
Ah. that's uh.
that's actually my boss.
She was really something back in
the day.
They said she was the next
Fonteyn.
but there was an accident.
She never danced again.
What is this place?
Like a Nutcracker bar?
This is my boss's pride and
joy.
We don't want to be rude.
but we're actually pressed for
time.
- I know.
- We need to get to Budapest.
My girls are dancing there
tomorrow.
What the hell!
-  Oh...
They're wet!
Um. this is uh. this is Sona.
She is the most kind.
She says that you can use
the dryer while you wait.
Oh. that's
very kind but we don't...
No. no. no. we insist. We
insist.
Ballerinas deserve the
very best at Teremok Inn.
Do you have dry clothes?
In tutus. you look like
a flock of little white birds.
This is so humiliating.
Eat one.
Oh. thanks. I'm starved.
Careful. don't get food on
your clothes.
Not a problem because I
will not be eating here.
You know that
food is filled with Ebola.
- Meat soup. ew.
- It's fine.
E coli.
It would be full of E coli.
Whatever. You've just like
never traveled.
Girls. please.
They do not get along. I
mean. how do you dance together?
God teaches us about love by
giving us
difficult people to work with.
Ballerinas at Teremok...
Yes. yes. There you are.
Hello.
Allow me to introduce myself.
My name is Devora Kasimer.
Owner of Teremok Inn.
Osip mentioned that
you have big show. yeah?
Yeah. we're performing
at
the International Ballet Gala in
Budapest.
And. not to brag. but
it's kind of a big deal.
Only the world's best dancers
get invited.
I know. I used to be a dancer.
You want me to call you a
minivan to take you to the city?
She owns this... She is a dancer
Yes. yes. Thank you. Thank you
so much.
My pleasure.
Sona.
Pasha! Please pass on
my respect to your father.
Yeah. sure thing. Grand-pop.
Zolly. what up?
Make sure it gets
to your father.
We appreciate discretion. Pasha.
What's wrong?
Static...
...I think it got wet
I gotta pee
My sister has to use the
bathroom.
Just come with me. sweetheart.
Ah. well. there's no
need for that. thank you.
I'll. I'll take her.
Thank you.
Bathroom is up those stairs.
Um.... Right. this way.
Guys.
I think he wants us to dance.
He's. he's playing Sugar Plum.
Like. we could practice our
variation.
I could use some practice.
Okay. let's go. We're going.
Come on. Come on.
Bravo.
Come on. Bones.
- Don't get blood on my desk.
-  Sorry. Mama.
Myshinaya Koroleva. please!
You are...
You are a reasonable woman.
I am.
Next time I take your tongue.
Opa!
If you want the solo.
you can have the solo.
Okay.
Watch it. Princess!
Hey there. little birdie. you
party with us tonight. yeah?
Oh no. no thank you.
Let's be romantic. You're my
type.
- Sir!
- Hey!
Get off of me!
You like to play rough. hmm?
Hmm?
Let's play rough.
Damn. that's how it's done.
Girls. get your things. We
need to get out of here.
You see what happens when you
disrespect a man like me. hmm?
Do any of you wanna test me?
This is Markovic territory.
You wanna deal with my father. hmm?
You maybe have something to say. huh?
Sorry. no. please don't
hurt me.
Hey. hey. Pasha.
Just relax.
Hey. have a drink.
Pasha. come on. come on.
Relax.
What is this
nonsense?
Myshinaya Koroleva.
You killed a woman in my bar.
Calm down.
Everything will be all right.
Okay. he shot-he shot her.
He shot-he shot
her in the fucking face!
Call the police.
Yeah. go and try it.
Call the police!
- Hey!
Bones. Bones.
Bones!
Please. call police. Police.
please!
Ladies. ladies!
I will call the police.
Osip. show them the safe room. hmm?
Basement. Now
Everything will be okay.
I promise.
Hey!
Come here!
Enough madness.
Follow Osip. He'll take care of
you.
I'll separate them.
And keep them quiet.
Come on.
Follow me.
Everything will be all right.
This way.
Hey. shortie.
Are you lost?
I'm deaf.
What? Wait. you don't hear?
You like tattoos?
You are pretty. like...
You are cute.
Okay.
The gun just
went off by itself.
No. no. do
not gaslight me. okay?
He shot Miss Thorna right in
front of us-
Like. you are calling the
cops. right?
My boss is calling them
right now. right now.
- Okay.
- She handles everything. okay?
This is a tragedy. yes?
Lord. Lord. I can't breathe!
I can't breathe. I can't
breathe!
Okay. like do something.
Hey. you eat this.
you'll feel good in
no time. Okay?
What a mess
you've made of my bar.
Get that Brit off my
floor. and move quickly.
Yeah. do as she says.
We should have a little chat.
Can we get more blood on the
floor?
Sona. grab the mop.
Come.
Caught me a ballerina.
Hmm.
What's the big deal?
You say this crazy drunk
lady got in my face
when my gun went off.
Whoops. it's not my fault.
The ballerinas will claim
otherwise.
Well. if they won't
cooperate. then do what you do.
Take their tongues or slit their
throat.
We can be done with this.
Sit down. You're making me
dizzy with all your pacing.
We cannot be impulsive.
The disappearance of six
Americans will not go unnoticed.
We must make sure to
have all the information
and be strategic.
But don't worry.
I will take care of you.
You take care of me?
Am I hearing this right?
Yes.
But it'll come with a price.
Watch yourself.
I am the son of Lothar the
Butcher.
Devora. there is no chance of
mercy
when you cross my family.
Do not make me summon my father.
I would like to meet him.
He has declined my invitations
many times.
My father is a busy man.
He doesn't have time to
drive out to the "boonies".
but one call. and he will make
the trip to make you hurt.
Hmm.
For many years I paid
for father money.
A debt I inherited from
my own dear Papa.
But those payments stop today.
Tell your father if he
wants his money.
he can pay me a visit.
My envelope. please.
No. there
was no one on the road.
Does your family or
friends
know where you broke down?
No. No.
What about the theater?
No.
Hey. Grace.
Bonesy-Jonesy.
You're back.
Bonnie. this is...
Who are you?
I am not important.
Tell me-
Grace. don't tell this bitch
anything.
That girl is very rude.
She just hates me
because I keep telling
her she might go to hell.
Forget her.
You and I can be best friends.
Fun!
We could eat pineapple pizza!
What did you people do to
Grace?
Quiet!
Grace.
- Hmm?
- Be my friend.
- Mmm.
Tell me who knows you come to
Teremok Inn.
Everybody knows.
My dad. her parents. the
entire ballet company knows.
Okay? They're gonna come looking
for us.
Bonnie. how can I save
your soul if you lie?
No one's coming.
Grace. you fucking idiot.
Let me see Devora.
Help us.
Please.
I would. but disobey
Devora.
she take your tongue.
Doktor. I have a vermin
problem.
Pasha.
What did Devora want?
Nothing.
Let's get out of this rat hole.
Pasha. give me the envelope.
The money.
I gave it back to Devora.
What?
We can't return empty-handed.
Your father is going to kill us.
Pasha.
Shut the fuck up.
Jesus girl. she spill
everything.
But the runaway could be
trouble.
She is not like the others.
The only problem
these dancers are for me
is if anyone knows they're here.
No one knows. Myshinaya
Koroleva.
Good. then Doktor can do his
job.
Osip. gather the dancers'
stuff and have Yuri burn it.
Hello. Mama.
What are you doing you little
rascal?
No need for Hungarian.
Bitch doesn't hear or speak.
Come.
Come with me. sweetheart.
These boys...
How is my big boy so sensitive?
Sorry. Mama.
It's not your fault.
I was too gentle with you.
Bingo.
You stupid piece of shit.
Why are you mad at me?
I love you.
What's wrong with you?
Osip gave me pocket chocolate.
I feel really weird. but
I also feel warm inside.
You're high.
High?
I can't be high! I can't be
high!
I can't be high!
What about the showcase?
I feel sick!
Good. get whatever they
gave you outta your system.
Come on!
- I can't! I need help!
I can't. Bonnie.
Help.
What kinda ballerina doesn't
know
how to make themselves throw up?
Goulash.
Osip. bring up some
palinka.
No problem.
Be there in a minute.
Shit!
He's coming.
Pretend to be asleep.
Grace.
You ready for more fun?
Oh. you're. you're sick.
Hey. hey. it's all right.
It's okay.
You know. you look like a little
swan.
I never. I never told nobody
about it. but
I kinda got a thing for birds.
I think it's. it's the necks
that I like.
So soft.
The Lord rebuke you. Satan!
Satan!
Oh
shit. you have bad trip.
It's okay.
Run!
Jesus. Jesus. I want out!
I want out!
You can pray all you want.
You're not going anywhere. ballerina.
Hey!
Your dancing days are over. ballerina.
No. no!
Give me a tray of shots. will
you?
Oh. are we celebrating?
No. It's tragic.
Between the five ballerinas.
there is almost 100 years of
training.
dedication. pain. passion. and
discipline.
all to be extinguished by
the folly of one idiot.
So no. I'm not celebrating.
I'm grieving.
May their sacrifices not be in
vain.
Here you are.
Excellent. Bravo.
Keep it flowing.
I want Pasha and his boys well
oiled.
Drink up. little mice.
What's wrong with
her?
She's acting weirder than usual.
This fuck drugged her.
We have to get out of
here.
No. really?
Why couldn't you have just
waited for the authorities
to come and do their job?
Why did you have to cause
trouble?
Miss Thorna is dead.
If the cops are coming.
they'd be here by now.
I know this is hard for you to
understand
because all your life help
has been one phone call away.
but we're on our own.
No one is coming to save us.
You're wrong.
We're a bunch of foreigners
on the other side of the world.
The cheapest. most efficient way
to deal with this situation is
to kill us.
We have to get out of
here.
Stop saying we have to get out
of here.
We know if we stay. we're gonna
die.
so saying "We have to get out of
here"
over and over again does
nothing.
We need to stop talking
and start doing because.
we have to get out of here.
Don't fret. I'll be back soon.
- You want the cobra?
- Mmm-hmm.
What. do you want the cobra?
- Yes!
- Give it!
I got you!
Take the cobra.
Yeah. Pasha.
Evening. comrades.
Pasha. perhaps one day
you'll be housebroken.
Artyom. what is that cretin
doing here?
- Devora.
-  Doktor.
Mon amour.
You removed the bullet?
- Of course.
- Nice.
I take teeth. eyes. fingertips.
then do the same for ballerinas.
No one will be able to identify
them.
Lovely.
She's never going to give me
that tape.
Now she's bringing in this
cretin Doktor
so she can say to my Papa.
"I handled it. not Pasha."
I want you to kill the
ballerinas.
Your father will be proud.
I know.
Come on!
This way.
Stay. Stay.
Come on. we can
sneak out this way.
The devil will throw you into
prison.
You will be tested. but do not
be afraid.
Revelation. chapter two:
verse ten.
Shh!
Keep your verse down!
Fuck!
Guys. we might be able
to go through the walls.
Get back. Go. go. go!
The cobra is coming
for you.
Hey. you too drunk?
No such thing.
- Find them.
- Okay.
Shh!
There's two of them.
I don't wanna die.
I think we can take them.
"Take them." Are you nuts?
No. seriously. I am not
strong enough.
Bullshit. I've seen you dance.
People assume we're these
delicate.
fragile little things. but we're
not.
We perform sick. hurt.
and on bleeding feet
all while keeping a smile on our
face.
so don't tell me you're not
strong. okay?
You guys. you guys!
Our ballet bags.
Vlad? Vlad.
Osip is dead.
This is bad for Pasha.
They are here.
Yeah.
Girls. we know you're
in there!
Get out!
- He's got a gun.
This is your last
chance!
Fuck off!
Ow! Fuck!
Zoe! Zoe. help me!
Shoot him! Shoot him. Zoe!
Okay. the gun ran out!
The gun ran out!
- I'm sorry!
- Don't apologize to him.
We're fucked. We are so
fucked!
Give me a blade.
- Your go.
- Kill them.
No. no.
Okay.
Come on.
These guys are drunk and out of
shape
and we're prima fucking
ballerinas.
Oh!
No!
No! No!
No! Ah!
No. you don't!
Holy fucking shit.
That toe blade is sick.
Happy accident.
I must have one.
So there's no going out that
way.
Another round of
drinks.
Do you hear that?
What?
How can she be having a good
time after what happened?
They killed Miss Thorna.
Okay. Bones. you have to
focus.
We have to find a back door.
Why would a back door go
upstairs?
Why would we go upstairs?
God. there's gotta be like a
fire exit or something.
Because Chloe went up
there to go to the bathroom.
Were you just gonna leave her?
Oh my God. you guys forgot about
Chloe?
Okay. okay. we'll come back
and get her once we get help.
No. that might be too late!
She's all alone. Her
hearing aid is broken.
I told my dad I'd look out for
her.
Boy. you're just doing
like an A+ job. aren't you?
Shut up. Princess.
Why do you have to be
so selfish all the time?
I can't leave my sister.
Nobody is leaving anybody!
Speak for yourself.
I'm out of here. Grace. let's
go.
Fine! Whatever.
You all suck.
Enjoy getting killed.
Come on.
These stairs go up. but
if you're up. they go down.
Hmm.
That's the first time in my
life
I'm actually jealous of you.
Thou shall not covet
thy neighbor's buzz.
Guys. Chloe could still be in
here.
What are you doing?
Go back downstairs
before you cause problem.
Make us.
Be cool. We talk this over. yeah?
Where is my sister?
The deaf one? She's
down the hall chilling.
Now. excuse me.
I would. but I'm kind
of a vindictive shit.
What happened?
Ballerinas.
Hey.
Finally!
I have been looking all
over to talk to someone
about the wifi.
- What?
- Like. your service
is seriously inexcusable.
Like. hello. I would've fixed
that like yesterday.
You know. I'm watching this
reality television show.
It's like a dating show. but
I'm watching it ironically.
but secretly. I love it. and
I'm three episodes behind.
What are you talking about?
Do you think that you could
find
true love on a dating show?
Because one time. I went to this
dive bar
that rich people go to
for like street cred
and I met this healer and.
well. she told me that I
have a heart condition.
- Oh.
- I know.
She said that I have a block in
my heart
when it comes to love.
So I just don't have
the emotional capacity
to like talk about it right now.
so like I'll just go back
downstairs
and you deal with the wifi.
Okay?
Thank you.
Chloe. thank God!
Thank God.
- Holy shit.
- Wow.
She's certifiable.
You're alright?
Yeah why wouldn't I be?
What did you do to your
costumes?
Is that blood?
Is that a hickey?
Zoe. Shut up!
Stop it!
-  Bingo.
- Mind your own business.
Put it back.
Chloe.
We have to go.
Can we wait?
A cute boy said he would give me
a tattoo.
Um. she's waiting for a
boy to give her a tattoo.
What should I do?
Don't look at us. She's your
sister.
I hear someone. Run!
Be quiet.
Oh. it's you.
Thought you left.
Be nice. she's crying.
No. I'm not.
I have allergies and this
place is full of mold.
Here. this will sober you up.
You didn't get very far going
solo.
I felt bad for you
losers so I came back.
Hmm. Yeah. right.
Bet you froze. and you've just
been hiding
in here the whole time.
Actually. I saw what they were
doing
to Miss Thorna's body.
They're chopping off her
fingertips
and gouging out her eyes.
Oh. my God.
What happened to Miss Thorna?
Miss Thorna's dead.
That's not funny.
Why would you say that?
Will you listen to me for
once?
Gentlemen.
I have provided safe haven
for you and your frivolities.
Now I ask a favor.
There are four
naughty little girls missing in
the house.
Hunt them. find them.
and silence them.
You're too late.
My boys have taken care of it.
Your boys are all dead.
Your father is miles away.
and you are all alone now.
Little mouse.
Hey. I stole that.
My daddy's country club
has a shooting range.
I know how to use a gun.
- I'm so sorry.
I'll believe it when I see it.
Okay then.
-  What's this?
Holy shit. You found us a
phone.
Oh. my God! I'm gonna call the
police.
Move! I'll get us out of here
ASAP.
Does anyone know how
to use this caveman bullshit?
Turn the wheel with your
finger and dial. dumbass.
Oh. okay. Yeah.
Oh.
This is a very ineffective
way to make a phone call.
It's taking a hundred years.
Papa. no. Not drunk much.
No. Vlad cannot take me home.
He's dead.
Yes. And Fadey too.
I'm at Teremok.
Yes. I understand.
Thank you. Papa.
Thank you. Thank you.
Devora!
My father is on his way here.
You lie.
Lothar Markovic wouldn't be
caught dead
in the Teremok Inn.
He is. And he is most
displeased.
You should not have messed with
me.
Now you have to answer him.
I guess I should get ready.
Go that way. You're going up
the stairs.
Find them!
Anyone messes with you...
...kick 'em in the balls.
- I love you.
- I love you. too.
Guys. hide. hide!
- You want police?
- Send help!
We're at Teremok Inn.
Hello?
Hello. we need help!
Stop it.
Chloe!
There! There!
There!
There's more! There's more!
Why the fuck are we
back here?
Okay. Hey. hey. hey.
My friends and I. we
just wanna leave. Okay?
No one has to get hurt.
Guys. the door. the door.
Go. go. go. go!
If we want to survive. we have
to do this as a team.
The only way out is together.
First positions. Six. seven. eight.
Bourree!
Ah!
Duet?
Fuck. yeah.
Together!
- Are you hurt?
- I'm fine.
Peel off!
Ow!
Chloe!
You're not cute anymore.
Fuck!
Gun! Chloe!
Okay.
Quick! Right there.
We can go out that window.
Come on!
Shit for brain. Give me the
gun!
Quick! Gun!
Oh.
Go. go. go!
Go. Grace. go! Come on.
Hello again.
We got it!
Just go. okay?
I'm right behind you. Go!
I'll wait for you.
Impressive.
Brava. my girl.
Your gun is dry. You have no
moves left.
Did I not mention?
Fake leg.
Ha!
Now that's what's up.
You know I have your
father to thank for this leg.
What? Papa?
Shh. It is done.
I cannot have you running
back to your father
the minute he arrives.
You see. I crave his audience.
You are crazy. Devora!
My father will kill you!
Holy crap.
Come on. Bones. Where are you?
I think I cut myself
on glass.
How could you leave her?
I... She was right
behind me.
Come on.
Oh.
What are
we gonna do about Bones?
Okay. relax.
You guys
hide and I'll save her ass.
Your friends have
left you for dead.
There's no one here to hold your
hand.
You know. I went to my
first audition on my own.
I was eight.
Like you. I would not let fear
stop me.
We are not alike.
My debut role was to
be the Sugar Plum Fairy.
But did I dance it?
No.
My papa. he racked up
debt with the wrong man.
He figured at worst he'd kill
him. but...
He was crueler than my
papa had anticipated.
When Papa couldn't pay.
Markovic.
he didn't take Papa's leg.
He took mine.
I would never dance again.
I kept Lothar's son close.
hoping one day my opportunity
would come.
One last dance.
It means.
your struggle looks ridiculous.
You look like angry little goat.
Please stop. stop!
Stay away from me!
Right.
No!
Let me make you more
comfortable.
Stay away from me!
No!
Let go. let go. let go!
No. no. no. no. no. no!
No. no. no. no!
Are you kidding me?
My toenails break all the time.
And you know what I do?
I peel them off.
I put a smile on my face and I
dance.
because I'm a
balle-fucking-rina!
Bones?
Oh my God!
Bones. it's me. I'm here. I'm
here.
Please help me.
Devora's crazy! She trapped me
in here!
Okay. okay. Just keep going.
Just keep going.
Help me!
Where the hell was this
earlier?
Hello. Lothar.
Why are you answering Pasha's
phone?
Put my son on the line.
You don't remember
me. do you. Mr. Markovic?
If you want to see your son
again.
you better come and get him.
No. no. no!
Stop. please stop!
Stay down.
Wanna duet?
Thought you'd never ask.
You motherfucker.
That's a lot of guns.
We need to warn Princess and
Bones.
Then I guess we're going back
inside.
C4?
I mean. I see at least 16.
No. it's a kind of explosive.
This place is wired to blow.
Stop talking and run!
Guys. this place. this place.
is wired to...
Explode!
What? Why the fuck are you
back here?
To save you assholes.
No. no. no. no...
Give me that bastard.
No! Keep her away from me!
Devora Kasimer...
We're just like you. We're
ballerinas.
Don't be stupid. you cannot
trust her.
All we wanna do is dance.
So did I.
Then give us
the chance you never had.
No. my father. he is
very powerful.
He can help you.
Men like your father
don't help girls like us.
Look what he did to Devora.
Tell your father to stop
shooting.
or I'll blow your head off!
Papa. Papa!
Stop firing! Stop firing!
Run. girls. this is my solo.
It's your chance.
Shit.
What are you supposed to be?
I was supposed to be
the Sugar Plum Fairy.
I was supposed to dance
in front of hundreds
and thousands of people.
including the Queen.
That is who I was supposed to
be.
Papa.
But none of that happened.
because you...
you. Lothar Markovic.
you took my leg.
Who else knows how to
ride?
I got this.
Let's dance.
♪ Rhythm in a dancer ♪
Okay. okay.
Get on. get on. get on.
♪ You can feel it in the air ♪
- You good?
- Yeah.
Woo!
♪ It's a passion ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ You can feel it in the air ♪
♪ Rhythm is a dancer ♪
♪ It's a soul's companion ♪
♪ People feel it everywhere ♪
♪ Lift your hands and voices ♪
♪ Free your mind and join us ♪
♪ You can feel it in the air ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ It's a passion ♪
♪ You can feel it in the air ♪
♪ Rhythm is a dancer ♪
♪ It's a soul's companion ♪
♪ You can feel it
everywhere. oh ♪
Hi there. my friends and
I are late for check-in.
We're here to dance.
We're the Americans.
This way.
For Miss Thorna.
Miss Thorna.
♪ Yeah. 'cause girls is players
too ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. 'cause
girls is players too ♪
♪ 'Cause girls is players too ♪
♪ Ladies gettin' money
all around the world ♪
♪ 'Cause girls is players too ♪
♪ What you know about living on
the top ♪
♪ Penthouse suites
looking down on the opps ♪
♪ Took him for a test
drive. left him on the lot ♪
♪ Time is money. so I
spent it on a watch ♪
♪ Hold on. little titties
showing through the white tee ♪
♪ You can see the thong bustin'
out my tight jeans. okay ♪
♪ Rocks on my fingers
like he wanna wife me ♪
♪ Got another shorty. she
ain't nothing like me. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. 'bout to catch
another flight. yeah ♪
♪ The apple bottom make him
wanna bite ♪
♪ I just wanna have
a good night ♪
♪ Hold up. if you don't
know. now you know ♪
♪ If he broke. then you gotta
let him go ♪
♪ You can have anybody. eeny.
miny. mo ♪
♪ 'Cause when you a boss.
you could do what you want ♪
♪ Yeah. 'cause girls is players
too ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. 'cause
girls is players too ♪
♪ 'Cause girls is players too ♪
♪ Ladies gettin' money
all around the world ♪
♪ 'Cause girls is players too ♪
♪ I'll go on and
on and on again ♪
♪ He blowing up my phone
but I'm ignoring him ♪
♪ He thinking he the one ♪
♪ I got like four of him ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm sitting first
class like valedictorian ♪
♪ Came a long way from rags to
riches ♪
♪ Five-Star. yeah. I taste so
delicious ♪
♪ Let him lick the plate ♪
♪ Yeah. I make him
do the dishes ♪
♪ Now he's on News 12 'cause
the bitch went missing ♪
♪ 'Bout to catch another flight.
yeah ♪
♪ Apple bottom make him wanna
bite ♪
♪ I just wanna have
a good night ♪
♪ Hold up. if you don't
know. now you know ♪
♪ If he broke. then you gotta
let him go ♪
♪ You can have anybody. eeny.
miny. mo ♪
♪ 'Cause when you a boss.
you could do what you want ♪
♪ Yeah. 'cause girls is players
too ♪
♪ And it's time that
we let 'em know that ♪
♪ Girls is players too ♪
♪ 'Cause girls is players too ♪
♪ Ladies gettin' money
all around the world ♪
♪ 'Cause girls is players too ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-